a drill that teaches attackman you know
we did most of our drills we just did
from the top down we always try to get a
couple from the bottom up for attackman
they're gonna dodge up pretty much from
the from the end line up to about 7 and
7 or 5 and 5 what we call the island
rollback and either you know roll back
and switch hands and roll back and keep
it the same and then they're gonna come
up and curl off another cone and get
kind of a warp more of it more of a
mid-range shot on the run and just kind
of curl into the goal so we'll put a
couple cones on the island where they
got to get to just they wanted one goal
that's it
next guy can go next guy can go as soon
as he finishes his roll as soon as he
rolls back the next guys gonna go curl
around that cone
there you go you guys all don't have to
go the same way you're gonna you can add
any kind of second shot you want to this
you can add anything you want to the
first one you can rocker or rollback or
do it however you want to do it when
they get to about a 5 yards up or 7
yards up and then the second shot to me
is just kind of like a curl shot where
you come around get one and and shoot
the second